Service list (#1313)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2023-01-17-traces.md

---
title: Service List View (Traces)
image: https://www.sumologic.com/img/logo.svg
keywords:
  - tracing
  - service map
  - apm
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> Our new tracing **Service Map** > **List** view provides a high-level summary of your service health insights. You'll get an at-a-glance overview of all your important KPIs in one compact table. [Learn more](/docs/apm/traces/working-with-tracing-data/service-map).

Author: ```suggestion
Our new tracing **Services List** view provides a high-level overview of your service health insights and important KPIs in one compact table, allowing you to spot potential issues in your application infrastructure. [Learn more](/docs/apm/traces/working-with-tracing-data/service-map).
```
